Rephrase ICRC-28 and -34 (#186)
dfinity/wg-identity-authentication: topics/icrc_28_trusted_origins.md

<!-- TOC -->
* [ICRC-28: Trusted Origins](#icrc-28-trusted-origins)
  * [Summary](#summary)
  * [Methods](#methods)
    * [icrc28_trusted_origins](#icrc28_trusted_origins)
  * [Use-Cases](#use-cases)
    * [Wallet Delegation Use-Case](#wallet-delegation-use-case)
    * [Cold Signer Use-Case](#cold-signer-use-case)
<!-- TOC -->

## Summary

> This standard describes how a canister can indicate that a relying party is trusted.

Reviewer: The term relying party is not defined in this context. Also, the semantics of trusted are really unclear.

The longer I think about this, the more I'm convinced that we should make the endpoint use-case specific (i.e. session isolation) rather than a generic "trusted" one.

Author: I'm not sure we want to be prescriptive on use cases. Why not let the community explore what other use cases they could build with this?

Here's a proposed edit:
This standard describes how a canister can indicate that a relying party (an entity that relies on the canister for certain functions or services) is trusted.

A trusted relying party carries certain privileges, like for example the ability to request Account Delegations as per ICRC-34.

This standard does not describe how a canister should:
- Ensure that all entries are free from malicious intent.
- Handle entries that become malicious over time.

## Methods

### icrc28_trusted_origins

Returns a list of origins trusted by the canister.

```

> icrc28_trusted_origins : () -> (record { trusted_origins : vec text });

Reviewer: I feel like we will hit similar concerns as with alternative origins, that this will be mis-used for centralization. I think we should put a limit on how many entries can be returned here as well.

Reviewer: Also, this should come with some warning / sentence that the developer must ensure that all entries in the `trusted_origins` are not malicious and will not turn malicious in the future. I.e. by either having direct control of that origin, having the origin under DAO control, or ensuring that control over the origin is black-holed.
(Although, it is not recommended to black-hole a canister that serves front-end assets due to the unstable nature of the web environment).

Also, canisters that implement that interface should/must ensure that the list can be changed, in case an origin is no longer trusted.

Author: Re: entry limit. This seems overly prescriptive IMHO and there's a performance limitation anyway as the array size grows.

Re: ensuring trusted_origins aren't malicious: Wouldn't these be outside the scope of a standard and more within scope of implementation? How about having this in the summary:

This standard describes how a canister can indicate that a relying party is trusted.

This standard does not describe how a canister:
- Should ensure that all entries are not malicious
- Should handle entries that become malicious

```

## Use-Cases

There are several reasons why signers might want to get a list of frontend URLs a canister trusts, with one in 

> particular related to removing wallet approval prompts for a user's wallet address.

Reviewer: I think the removal of wallet prompts is a second order effect. The main goal is to achieve session isolation _with_ a stable principal without signer interactions.

Author: I feel like these are the same goals, where one is more clear in the context of web3 than the other. No?

Reviewer: I think, we want to be very specific with the concepts we have defined in the standards. The higher-level goal of not prompting the user IMHO is better placed in developer documentation, whereas here we should be very specific to what is actually happening.

### Wallet Delegation Use-Case

[ICRC-34](./icrc_34_get_delegation.md) applies when a user returns a delegation to a relying party that 

> can be used to make authenticated calls on the user's behalf (i.e. without displaying wallet approval prompts). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used to make authenticated calls on the user's behalf (i.e. without interactions with the signer). 
```
